docs(configuration): fix output.library warning (#4377)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/output.md

Be aware that if `MyLibrary` isn't defined earlier your library will be set in global scope.

> W> An empty string for [`output.library`](#outputlibrary) is invalid. You must specify a valid identifier that should be assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W> An empty string for [`output.library`](#outputlibrary) is invalid, make sure you specify a valid identifier that could be assigned.
```
